
JSON MATERIALISED OPERATORS VERSION
--------------------

    Python version 2.6.6 was used in development and testing (default on hpdc02).

RUNNING 

    python jsontocpp.py -i tfidf.json -l QUB_materialized.json -o tfidflist.cpp
    python jsontocpp.py -i tfidf_map.json -l QUB_materialized.json -o tfidfmap.cpp
    python jsontocpp.py -i kmeans.json  -l QUB_materialized.json -o kmeans.cpp


Where:
    tfidf.json is a simple 'imagined' of the workflow json generated by Unige
    QUB_materialized.json is a library holding materialised operator data
    tmplist.cpp is the generated CPP


EARLIER XML WORKFLOW VERSION
----------------------------

PRE-REQUISITES (optional)

    Python version 2.6.6 was used in development and testing (default on hpdc02).

    Python Elementtree is a pre-requisitve for running package "tocpp.py".
    Details of how to download and install it can be found here:
        https://pypi.python.org/pypi/elementtree/

    However, for convenience, "elementtree" is included in this directory and checked in to the git repository so you can run straight off.

RUNNING 

   ./tocpp.py -i tfidf.xml -l operatorslib.xml -o tfidf.cpp 
   ./tocpp.py -i kmeans.xml -l operatorslib.xml -o kmeans.cpp 
   ./tocpp.py -i tfidf-kmeans.xml -l operatorslib.xml -o tfidfkmeans.cpp 

   ./tocpp.py -i workflow.xml -l operatorslib.xml -o workflow.cpp 

Where :
    workflow.xml is the proposed/imagined output format of Unige's workflow description.
    workflow.cpp is a 'partial' c++ code generated by tocpp.

TODOS:
    After reviewing how tfidf and kmeans have changed from the point of view of calling from auto generated code
    the inter op variables (ie. var*) need to have type declarations generated, possibly as template types.
    Will become clear when the latest code is reviewd .... hopefully :)

    General improvements needed to make code more generic and extensible.  Also cleanups with extra comments for explanations.

    This 'compile' may end having a repository of its own (ie, its not an asap operator).  So may move soon.
